My dad never hit me
You stinky beggar, how dare you hit me
Baby he hit me
Help me clean him up
Haven't asked yet
You don't deserve it.
This is not a problem
Mr. Song
This guy is a total phony
He just said
I want the Governor of Qingzhou to come over and apologize in person
You mustn't be deceived by him
But
Even if you can get Nyingchi Chau to come over and apologize
That's nothing.
You little provincial governor
He came over to apologize and I didn't bother to pay attention to him
That's Mr. Song
You are the son of the governor of Yunzhou
Your identity is naturally noble and supreme
Stinky beggar, I'll give you a chance now
Kneel down and kowtow three times to Mengmeng
Then at your own expense
You can leave Triumph alive
As for you
Go to my room later and apologize
As long as I'm having fun
Everything is easy to say
What age is it?
He also plays the trick of hero saving beauty
Are you going to do something to me next?
Hum as you wish